


/* Initial prompt:

   ----
   COMPONENT
   
   Write a React component (named EventScroller) that lays out its
   child components in the style of a traditional chat interface.
   That is, a vertically (up/down) scrolling region that, instead of
   being anchored to the top of the scolling region and scrolling
   down, it is anchored to the bottom of the scrolling region and
   scrolls up.  The intent is to have a forward-chronologically-sorted
   list that defaults the user to see the latest elements.

   Specifically, if there is a list of elements shorter than the viewable
   area, it will be anchored to the bottom of the viewable area.  No
   scrolling is possible until the content becomes larger than the
   viewable area.

   If the list of elements becomes taller than the viewable area, then by
   default the content is anchored to the bottom of the viewable area and
   allows the user to scroll up to see older items.

   The component should allow lazy loading of an arbitrarily long list in
   the backwards direction.

   The components should provide some kind of 'date' interface.  These
   dates are used to render natural and subtle date markers in the
   scrolling region - day/month/year.  This functionality is optional and
   configurable..

   Scrolling should be smooth.

   When adding a new item (placed in the list according to its date
   property, or at the end of the list if it doesn't have a date
   propery), space should open up at the insertion point(smoothly), and
   then the item should fade into visibility.  Removal should animate in
   the reverse direction.  This movement should be organic and natural.
   During these transitions. the scroll position should behave
   intuitively (throughout the animated addition of elements, the scroll
   position at the bottom of the viewable area should remain fixed (so
   elements above the insertion point will scroll UP as space is created
   and items are added, and DOWN as items are removed.

   black semitransparent rounded bars with appropriate arrows appear at
   the top and bottom of the list if the content CAN be scrolled in that
   direction.

   The background of the component should be transparent.

   The component should occupy all avilable space in its containing
   element.

   ----
   DEMO:

   ALSO write a basic single-file React page with example content to
   demo this new component.  The dmeo should have a full screen
   background image of a natural scene.  The demo content should be:

   1. a list of messages from various users, with a nice rendering of
   the demo chat message UI, interspersed with

   2. events that represent groups of summarized messages,
   interspersed with

   3. events of users taking actions (entering/leaving chat, and other
   user-specified actions, like a role play

   The demo should start with 20 events, and there should be an add
   button that adds new random items, 80% to the end of the list, and
   20% to the middle of the list.

   ----
   Please implement ALL specified functionality, leaving none of it
   for future enhancements.  Please write good comments.  Please
   carefully double check your code for edge cases and potential
   issues and preemptively fix them.
   
*/
